Add is_public (#98)
DMOJ/docs: docs/site/api.md

    "is_organization_private": "<whether the problem is private to organizations>",
    "organizations": [
        "<list of organization id>"
    ],
    "is_public": "<whether the problem is publicly visible>"
}
```

> ### Additional Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Additional Info
```

So that this does not get confused as another endpoint by docsify.

> `is_public`: Whether the problem is publicly visible to the organizations listed. If no organization is listed, the problem visible to all users.

Reviewer 2: Bit of a corner case here

```suggestion
`is_public`: Whether the problem is publicly visible to the organizations listed. If `organizations` is empty or `is_organization_private` is `false`, the problem visible to all users.
```

> `is_public`: Whether the problem is publicly visible to the organizations listed. `is_organization_private` is `false`, the problem visible to all users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`is_public`: Whether the problem is publicly visible to the organizations listed. If `is_organization_private` is `false`, the problem visible to all users.
```

> `is_public`: Whether the problem is publicly visible to the organizations listed. If `is_organization_private` is `false`, the problem visible to all users.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`is_public`: Whether the problem is publicly visible to the organizations listed. If `is_organization_private` is `false`, the problem is visible to all users.
```
